if I could dance with anyone from the
past or the present I think it would
possibly have to be someone from perhaps
a Tudor Court of old I mean going way
back when I think possibly I think Queen
Elizabeth the first if I'm honest yeah I
think we have a similar team earliest
memory would be possibly and it's quite
late I was about five or six the
sizzling summer of 76 playing swing ball
skating along one of those some plastic
sheets that used to throw down in the
garden with a hose and flowing down a
river in the inner tube of a tractor
tire my biggest indulgence it's not
necessarily something that you would
throw a check at but it's dairy products
I used to work in a supermarket when I
was growing up and I used to be in
charge of the dairy section and I would
deliberately I'm sure the statute of
limitations is worn out on this stick my
finger in tubs of cream so that the
product was damaged so I could actually
take a taste of the cream I kind of
butter in the house because I'll slice
through it like cheese it's a true story
it's a fact I love dairy addicted to
dairy but can't have it in the house if
I so much as look at a lump of Brie I
will run to fat and I'm only on this
show to drop a dress size before
Christmas what would I do if I was
invisible for the day obviously within
the realms of decency in the law I
wouldn't like to spy on anyone because I
think that's like going through
someone's pockets you know you might
find out something that you don't really
want to find out but if I were invisible
today I wouldn't mind strolling through
the corridors of power either at number
10 be a fly on the wall there or
possibly buck house in the presence of
Her Majesty the Queen obviously in this
herd Jubilee year fancy dress costumes
of choice fancy dress costumes there are
two golden rules first of all if you
meet someone that tickles your fancy
you've still got to be attractive and
also you've got to be able to shed it
not necessarily in front of the person
that you're attracted to but so you can
get a cab easily a friend of mine once
went to a party dressed as Moses and you
couldn't park the traffic on the way
home